# Prepare to assess your readiness for the Google Advanced Data Analytics Certificate

The Google Advanced Data Analytics Certificate is a program for everyone interested in advanced concepts in data analysis. However, a background in data analytics is a useful foundation for many of the concepts that will be taught in these courses. We have created a quiz that will enable you to assess your readiness and to decide if you would like to proceed with the certificate or review some foundations first. 

The quiz will ask questions about how comfortable you are with the following data analytics concepts:  

* General data analytics principles and data types

* Data strategy

* Data integrity and data cleaning

* Programming languages

* Data visualization, dashboards, and sharing insights with others

If you are coming to this program from the Google Data Analytics Certificate or you have worked in a data analytics field, you may already be familiar with these concepts. That’s great! This quiz is just a way to double-check that you’re prepared to succeed. Plus, it will provide you with some resources to give you a refresher before moving on.  

To help you decide if you’re ready for this course:

* Take the optional readiness quiz. 

* Refer to the scoring guide to determine if you’re prepared for the Advanced Data Analytics content. A score of 80% or higher is the target goal for readiness for these courses.

* Based on your individual score, follow the recommendations in the scoring guide for your next steps.

If you are confident that you have the prerequisite knowledge and experience for this certificate, you can skip the readiness quiz after this reading and move directly to the next activity, which is the weekly wrap-up video located at the beginning of the next lesson.
