Understand your readiness score
Congratulations on completing the readiness quiz for the Advanced Data Analytics Certificate. This reading will outline what your readiness quiz score means and your next steps. If you are already familiar with the fundamentals of data analytics, then you have a solid foundation for the concepts that will be taught in these courses. And if you need some resources to help you build up those foundations before starting this program, then this reading will also point you in the right direction. The following is a breakdown of what your score means and your next steps for this program:  

If you scored 100% on the readiness quiz:

You’re familiar with the fundamental concepts involved in data analytics and can move on to the Advanced Data Analytics Certificate directly.

You can review videos, readings, and activities throughout the course to learn more about how this program builds on your current understanding of data analytics.

You must take each of the weekly and course challenges. In order to earn the certificate, you will need an overall score of 80% or higher on these graded assessments. 

After you complete the weekly and course challenges, proceed to Course 2.

If you scored between 90% and 99% on the readiness quiz:

You’re somewhat familiar with the fundamental concepts involved in data analytics and can move on to the Advanced Data Analytics Certificate.

However, we recommend that you review some material from the 
Google Data Analytics Certificate
 based on any questions you missed to refresh your memory of those topics.

You can review videos, readings, and activities throughout the course to learn more about how this advanced program builds on your current understanding of data analytics.

You must take each of the weekly challenges, which will count toward the 80% overall score needed to earn the certificate. 

After you complete the weekly and course challenges, proceed to Course 2.

If you scored between 80% and 89% on the readiness quiz:

You have some background knowledge on fundamental concepts involved in data analytics.

However, we recommend that you review lesson materials from the 
Google Data Analytics Certificate
 based on questions you missed in order to build your foundational knowledge before moving on.

You must take the weekly challenges, which will count toward the 80% overall score needed to earn the certificate.

If you scored less than 80% on the readiness quiz:

No problem — the 
Google Data Analytics Certificate
 has all the foundational material you need to tackle these courses!  We strongly recommend that you earn your Google Data Analytics Certificate first, then continue to the Google Advanced Data Analytics Certificate.
